hello people I am Daniels and today i
will show you my way of farming goblins
garage around pointed net one from whole
2011 p and the neck to form our codes
resulting communities don't worry there
are several areas i like to form but i
find these to the most efficient for the
time span note the trash around portal
can only spawn an adventure mode level
70 first of all never run in torment you
cannot kill a lot in one hundred percent
it is really important to stick to this
room if you play in a good pay attention
to stay together if you cannot put aloe
second views on the world final year of
respect paragon points if you both find
when entering the realm plus committed
work use a fast-moving skills to travel
around faster keep your eyes open gun
just fits your eyes in the hanging there
is new to spot a bobbin if he is in the
corner of the screen is to save you a
lot of time after killing a Robin there
is a chance the airport is an orphan
followed by the sound of ball wait I
need more hatred to do that
when you enter a treasure realm destroy
all breakable objects you have a happy
amount of gold in some breakables will
phone charger bobbins and put our mostly
gold and gems also it is not a bad idea
to invite some banks when you find the
portal because favors like those want to
be four button click the time kill and
destroy everything in your path to
ground over there out inside a great
role you will find the boss singer of
the bridges to basically the same
effects kill her open the chest close it
several times for the pun if you want
and pick up and pick up everything this
one I had collected more than 30 million
build my experience just always drops at
least one legendary item now and let you
enjoy the fight
wish I could
the second one is the storm holes
takeaway point to the archives invoking
pool and go to the portal on the right
name the storm holes this is a small
area and contains a lobby most of the
times that's it thanks for watching
please subscribe to my channel if you
want to see more tips and tutorials in
the nearest future leave a comment or
like a video if you have founded healthy
also let me know if you have found a
better method of growing fond goodbye
my hatred is too young survive that